ah ba nous en Ted Carter you're born
rich you're like Bruce Wayne I get it
but you know whatever respect we've got
for Bruce Wayne how would you feel about
Bruce Wayne if he chose to live like Ted
car why would we respect anyone who
lives like Ted car nobody celebrates
Bruce Wayne because he's born rich the
reason why Bruce Wayne is a major
cultural icon is because he did
something with his money to change the
world but I mean take art so you've been
living in Thailand for all these years
which you boast about why for the sake
of your personal joy your personal
lifestyle what have you man I'm not even
you know you know on some level take our
you've never mentioned it on your
channel I scroll through YouTube is I
tried to find any video mentioning
political reality or social reality in
town anything poverty politics this has
been an incredibly tumultuous time in
Thailand's politics just the last couple
of years last couple of years when your
life is that a lot to do with Thailand
your advice that we should not just
think only about our own joy our own
self-indulgence but that we should only
think about a short term this way what
about becoming a medical doctor
what about any discipline like that to
take years and years of hard work and
study maybe
punishing maybe miserable to go through
but it's for the sake of the discipline
it's for the sake of its let's just
leave it simple it's for the sake of
making the world a better place
it's hard work hours and hours and hours
sitting at a desk thankless thankless
tasks and you can't control the outcomes
I want you whoever the [ __ ] you are
watching this video to not think about
your happiness and to not think about
the moment I want you to think about the
politics of the decade and the politics
of the century and the politics of the
millennium I want you to think long term
I want you to think about not just
yourself and your family but thousands
of people and millions of people and I
want you to think about hundreds of
years from now
I want you to see yourself in an
historical context that stretches back a
thousand years and stretches forward a
thousand years I mean I guess again the
reason why I find this so revolting
Sohrab Arbutus is that ultimate just
that it's linked to veganism that's
taking this cause and this concept I
care about so much and from my
perspective he's dragging it through the
mud okay youtuber youtuber now like I'm
doing now I'm being youtuber now when
it's time for me to be an entrepreneur
I'll be an entrepreneur that could be
anywhere was a day that could be four
hours a day when it's happening to be an
athlete I'm going to be the best damn
athlete I can be but it's not like you
have to dedicate your entire life to
excluding one identity rule you can pick
and choose from many different
identities and then you can change his
life with on so for the first half your
life you could be an athlete the next
quarter life you could be entrepreneur
than explore your life you could be Ted
what the [ __ ] would you know about that
there are people who are in our position
to say what you're saying now Ted and
you are not one of them let's just take
one example you said you just said you
don't need to dedicate your whole life
to being an artist have you even talked
to someone who dedicated their whole
life to being an artist have you talked
to someone who knows what it's like to
dedicate just ten years of their life
having that ambition and giving a
hundred percent of what they can give to
being an artist and I don't think dinars
is the hardest thing out there to go for
I don't but I've known I've done plenty
of people like that a guy should have
already mention this video partly
because I was involved with art
galleries and museums this [ __ ] if one
of those people said you know what you
don't really need to give it a hundred
percent you know what you can be a great
artist without really having any
ambition without really thinking
long-term without really throwing in all
the energy and telling you can just [ __ ]
around I'd listen to their perspective
Ted almost nobody would take that sir
just that one example out of the list
you've given being an artist there are
so many people who give a hundred
percent and a hundred percent is not
enough
just even if we leave it at being an
item title be an entrepreneur I don't
know what experience you think you've
got Ted being an entrepreneur that you
think you can give that advice
I know what's my job being an artist or
being an athlete this is terrible advice
and you know and you know I think the
truth is if I was dogging someone whose
ambition was to be an artist or an
entrepreneur or an athlete I would say
it's great that you've got that ambition
it's great if you can give it under
percent but I want you to also have the
ambition to make the world a better
place and may or may not be through
veganism may or may not be through
politics may not be through humanitarian
work or charity if there's anything I
would say should go above and beyond the
hundred percent it's caring about
political reality it's caring what
you're ugly if you live in Thailand you
should care about social problems in
Thailand if you live in New York City
you care about political and social
bumps in New York City it's not just a
Thai thing you should not live in a
bubble created for your self
gratification I would say even if you
feel you're an artist you're putting a
hundred percent of your time into your
craft as a painter as a sculptor or any
these other examples I think if there's
one thing you should try to make time
for it's exactly for having moral
ambitions to being a morally good person
a morally responsible person above and
beyond when you feel you can't give any
more your art find it in you to have
that more of the same more ambition I
had the more ambition I had to try to
make Laos a better place to make
Cambodia a better place and when I was
back in Canada threw myself into
learning Korean a Jib way and First
Nations politics and so on that's what I
would ask of you but I I completely
respect I completely respect the fact
that a lot of people don't have it in
them to give a lot of people put the
time in and when they're done painting
or they're done you know that that's all
they've got
it's not like any two said okay if the
next five years I'm going to be the
bread you wanna meet being in the moment
oh yeah so I used to think whatever you
want to be be in the Montague car you
cannot just be an athlete in the moment
its years either part where you cannot
just be a painter or a sculptor in the
moment you cannot just be a medical
doctor in the moment and let's take it
back to language learning
you cannot speak loshon or you cannot
speak Thai or Bernie's or Sinha Lee's or
any of those languages in the moment
years and years of hard work dedication
over a period of decades and you know
what you can't be any age in politics in
the moment because politics you deal
with things that is a legacy going back
at least a hundred years and you got to
look forward a hundred years old so you
got to know the history you got into the
historical context you got into the
background politically to what's going
on and you got to think about
consequence under those things take
place on a totally different [ __ ] time
scale but even picking with me even
sticking with your shitty choice of
examples
Ted Carr meet and talk to a real
sculptor somebody's put in the time had
their hands torn up blowing glass
have you met and talked to glass blowers
I have have you men talk to people who
work with [ __ ] bronze casting that I
was going to be a writer I was going to
be a writer but so he just said before
his dream was he was going to be a
writer and this is the sense in which
his philosophy it's probably supposed to
recommendations for you because you take
his advice so seriously but it always
seems to come back to it's so tightly
down to the self justification the fact
that he's a [ __ ] loser that he never
became a successful writer he's never
written anything that anyone wanted to
read or buy or publish right Ted so now
we're going to get the just occasion for
why he wanted to be a writer but he
didn't have any ambition so he dropped
out of university and he's never really
written anything he just takes off his
shirt on YouTube but there is no
identity is a label as he's a writer
she's a writer they
right so people have to come up with oh
I'm going to be a writer we really had a
technology no one the technology Chris
came out then people started to adopt
that their job title one thing that I'm
going to be a writer so now we're moving
away from the pen and paper a lot of
kids are leaner on a write anymore
they're learning to type on iPads
learning to really write iPads I this is
why you you gave up on your life stream
on your ambition you're incredibly
modest ambition of being a writer right
that's what I'm hearing here right and
why everybody else should just be a
[ __ ] dropout loser with no ambition
like yourself what everyone else should
go to Thailand and live a fruitarian
diet and live for their joy in the
moment bla bla bla instead of pursuing
their vision its critique of identity
that being a writer's yeah you know what
you know what Ted I've known people who
were professional writers and they had
ambition and they had pride in the fact
that they had a resume they had a CV
where they could walk into an office of
a for-profit business in Hollywood and
say I'm a writer I want to work for you
I wanna think they could role walk into
a newspaper office and be taken
seriously yeah you know what some people
have that as an identity tape because
they made the sacrifice they paid the
price they have years and years of hard
work and pursuit of that ambition and
they have a resume that says I am a
writer even if they had to work in a
coffee shop or do other jobs etc etc so
they could pursue that dream would they
had an ambition and a dream that drove
them and the result is they take on that
identity of saying I am a professional
writer that's something you're never
going to understand Ted because you're a
professional loser on permanent vacation
people are going to have a CV that says
I'm a writer I want to be taken
seriously here's why and you'll never
understand that Ted because again as far
as I know you're just a born rich loser
you're just a Bruce Wayne who never had
any interest in becoming Batman because
I just I've met a lot of rich people
doing humanitarian work met rich people
in museums and even when you met rich
people didn't really understand what
they were doing or why when you met a
rich person who is donating money to an
art gallery because they wanted to
provide art education to poor children
like really those people exist and you
think is this really the best way to
spend millions of dollars teaching
children how to paint a picture
in downtown Chicago or in Cambodia or
whatever share remember one example that
from Laos two people were raising money
donating money related art galleries and
Fine Arts you know whatever my opinion
is irrelevant you meet rich people and
maybe their idea of how to help the poor
it's kind of [ __ ] up it's kind of
ineffective there's also this whole
charity I could talk about where they
were obsessed with digging wells digging
wells to give people during water and a
lot of time it was like they come to a
village they already have enough
drinking water they don't need any well
and you're coming here and digging a
well and there were environmental
problems there problems with the the
well water being poisoned there all
these problems cuz they these people
didn't understand the the actual
scientific element you know what though
when you meet those people at leat there
are people who've inherited money and
they have some concept trying to make
the world a better place
those people are infinitely better than
you take car you're making the world a
worse place and you're trying to pull
others in - you're [ __ ] pathetic
downward spiral of self justification
for why you've never even bothered
making the world a better place this
state I'm in right now I'm totally just
content I'm totally just a few lone I'm
normally you feel that you better kind
of just slip up and go back to cook
through difficult Opik of this video is
discovering your life calling and career
this has been the longest four minutes
of my life trying to force myself to
listen to Ted car without interruption
I'm going to bring it back to my light
motif and end this video now I'm really
glad I didn't discover Ted car earlier
in my youtube career this is like
[ __ ] kryptonite to me this is like
the antithesis of everything I believe
in and care about man and it's it's
within veganism and I know it connects
to a lot of other things that people
believe in and talk to both in figures
all right ambition gets a bit of a bad
name because people so often associate
ambition with a narrow focus on just
earning as much money as possible and
that's really not the meaning of the
word
okay ambition can be many things
whatever your moral aspirations are in
life whatever your moral code may be it
is meaningless without ambition and on
some level I think it's genuinely
dangerous to have people like Ted Cole
on the internet glorifying a life
devoted to self-indulgence all ordered a
life devoted to short-term pleasures a
life totally devoid of ambition but a
life that is the sea at the same time
praised and promoted as if it adhered to
the highest standards of morality as if
it represented the highest calling for
human beings imaginable as if the
highest and greatest and grandest thing
you could possibly do with your time
with your talent with your money is to
resign yourself to just being happy at
any cost as if the best thing you can do
with your adult life is to snuff out
your personal potential and commit now
to the permanent vacation ah da new Yin
I want you to think about the politics
of the decade and the politics of the
century and the politics of the
millennium I want you to think long term
I want you to think about not just
yourself and your family but thousands
of people and millions of people and I
want you to think about hundreds of
years from now I want you to see
yourself in an historical context that
stretches back a thousand years and
stretches for 2,000 years